Who withstood the temptation of Ruby, the bright colors, the penetration attractive highlight the charm of temperament. Ruby on the market prospects are absolutely objective, but you see how deep ruby ??it, you know what level?
Ruby knowledge you Know
Quality few large carat ruby. More than 3 carats of rubies is very rare, more than 5 kt is extremely rare. In general, when more than 2 carats of rubies, the price will be very different, one carat, then there is a strong value of the collection.
Good cut to enhance the gems value
Good cutting not only can make the gems Radiation dazzling brilliance, but can also enhance the value of the precious stones. Ruby cutting Diamond, Ruby does not have reached the maximum brilliant cut geometric Links Of London Outlet design with dense color ruby, the best cut should be higher than the average level of light so that more light through the gem, while the color shallow, deep cut is conducive to reflect the color. Good cutting ruby ??reflected light uniformly on the entire surface. In addition, well-cut ruby ??does not show corundum crystals often appear in the ribbon, usually indicates that this ribbon cutting want to keep the weight as much as possible instead of cutting out the most beautiful gems.
Tell ruby
Fake ruby ??There are two cases: the first one is based on the low-grade red color gem posing ruby, and, where fake rubies were not unique ruby ??color shape and light. The second is the artificial ruby. Artificial ruby ??in specific gravity, hardness, color natural rubies are very similar.
Method: selection of a hardness of 8.5 cubic zirconia gems to be measured angular to plan cubic zirconia, paddling is true, not paddling false. Hardness identification method can easily distinguish between a real ruby ??red gem. But the other red gems have damage, so be careful.
Method 2: ruby ??optical properties and links of london jewelry fluorescence, portable money detector test and exclude all red gem can not glow red. At this point, the issuance of a red ruby, red spinel. And then observe the optical properties of single-rainbow red spinel, double rainbow is the ruby.
Artificial rubies and natural ruby ??hardness, optical properties are basically identical the primary collectors hard to tell the difference between the two. Natural ruby ??often contains natural formation of defects, such as crack, grain, cotton, etc.; artificial uniform texture. Long-wave ultraviolet irradiation, the artificial ruby ??red fluorescent issued more beautiful than lin ks of london jewelry the natural ruby.
The ruby ??Favorites conditions
The first is the color of the ruby: best VIVID RED or RED; impurities: invisible to the naked eye is better; carat: at least more than 1 carat have collectible value; cut, at least more than 40% of the fire.
Secondly, the origin of ruby ??is very important. Pigeon's Blood Origin: Burma Myanmar produced in Myanmar pigeon blood ruby ??most commercial value, so businesses will be issued for the corresponding gem the GRS authority certificate, and Origin (Origin) column clearly marked: Burma (Mogok, Myanmar) . Read gem certificate Comment (Help) column is crucial, mark No indicationof thermal treatment in order to explain the pigeon blood ruby ??without any artificial optimization process.
Finally, ruby ??assess the professional certificate. The most recognized international market GRS (GEM Research Swiss) Swiss gem identification certificate issued by it in 1996 by Dr. A.Peretti founded out of the characteristics of the certificate may be noted that the rubies, sapphires, emeralds and other precious stones origin and to optimize processing conditions. The only laboratory in Bangkok, Thailand and Hong Kong. Of cheap links of london course, some businesses will provide the GIA (Gemological Institute of America) certificate issued by the Gemological Institute of America, but did not indicate the origin of the gems, because a single ruby ??Origin, so relatively speaking, more comprehensive certificate of GRs.

 
